[Music]
hi welcome to my channel
at the start of the film we see a man
named virgil
who has a strange and damaged face his
skin was burnt
a man who worked in the refugee camp was
in front of him
verger asks him about hannibal because
he was also kept in asylum
he says that yes he was there and he
didn't use to say word to anyone
except for a girl named clarice he
talked to her because he liked her
that girl was a detective that man gives
virgil
hannibal's mask and says that it's a
unique
hannibal wore it verger buys this costly
mask
on the other side we see clarice in her
work
they catch a girl but clarice sees a
baby with her and stops
but her team member starts shooting her
seeing it
all other team members start shooting
clarice asks the woman to surrender so
that they don't shoot her
but that woman doesn't agree and starts
firing at them
clarice shoots her and she dies then
clarice goes to her and holds the kid up
she cleans the blood from him and weeps
she was sad because they killed his
mother
the next day in the meeting everyone was
saying that therese is foolish clarice
says i didn't give an order to fire at
her
then a man comes there and says that
virgil wants to meet you
virgil was hannibal's fourth victim on
whom hannibal did
experiments clarisse was wondering that
why he is here to meet her
what does he wanna say so that man asks
her not to worry as he wants to share
something about hannibal
there was an officer who was staring at
clarice badly
he asks her to interrogate hannibal's
case again
we'll take care if someone calls you bad
after it therese goes away she goes to
virga's mansion
she meets virgil there virgil was laying
on a bed
clarice asks that how and who did this
to your face
he claims that only hannibal could have
done it
his attacks are so dangerous that no one
can survive but i did
verger tells her that my father was so
rich
i used to scare and sexually abuse kids
i invited hannibal to my house one day
he intoxicated me and gave me a piece of
glass and asked if can peel off my
face's skin
he says that i was intoxicated i didn't
feel anything
and peeled my skin off for him but he
made my dog eat my skin
my skin is like this since then my face
looks horrible and
everyone is afraid of me clarice asks do
you have information about hannibal
verger says yes and why would i call you
here if i hadn't
he shows her an x-ray of hannibal's hand
his hand was fractured virgil gives her
the report and says you have to find out
where hannibal is
using this report in fact i want to take
revenge on him
i called you here so that you find him
and i'll be able to seek my revenge
virgil liked therese and he knew that
she has access to hannibal
he had trust in her clarice gets to know
that hannibal later nurse
when the nurse tried to stop him his
hand was broken
the asylum worker was also there clarice
asks that why didn't he say anything to
you as you were also there
that man says our bonding was good and
he also says he likes you
i also have his voice in the tape
recorders
he gives these tape recorders to clarice
and she listens to them later
now the scene changes and we see a
police inspector in a city
he had come to a library as the old
librarian died and he was there to
investigate the case
he goes to the new librarian who was dr
hannibal
he was there with a fake identity he
asks hannibal to inform him if he gets
any information about the old librarian
hannibal agrees in fact he was killed by
hannibal
but the police officer didn't know this
later clarice reads hannibal's letters
that he is sorry as everyone is blaming
her that she isn't working right
listen i am placed in the top 10
criminals
clarice sent these letters to
fingerprint masters to observe his
fingerprints but they can't
she goes to the perfume masters who
could identify any smell
one of those men tells her that he wrote
this letter beside a perfume that is
prepared from a whale's body
this is forbidden but some countries
still sell it
he tells her all the names and gives her
a list to contact all the shops that
sell it
she asks for cctv footage
now the police officers of that area
start copying the footage to send it to
clarisse
then we see that the police officer who
came to hannibal was in the police
station
a detective was copying the cctv footage
to send it
but when he sees hannibal in that
footage he understands that what they
are gonna do
when he does research he finds out that
he is one of the top 10 criminals
whoever finds him will get a reward of
50 lakh dollars from virgil
that police officer calls the website
and says that hannibal
is in their city they say that they need
proof as they are not free
he goes to the library to find his
fingerprints
but nothing was there as hannibal always
wore gloves in the library
then that police officer makes another
plan
he asks a man to steal hannibal's purse
but i'll let you wear a bangle first he
will try to hold your hand when you
steal his purse
his fingerprints will be on this bangle
then
that thief chases hannibal he steals his
purse and hannibal holds his hand and
his fingerprints get printed on the
bangle
but he kills the thief as well the
police officer takes the bangle and
sends it to those people so that they
get to know that these are hannibal's
fingerprints and he is right
they get happy that they got hannibal
and then they reward the police officer
virga's men come to meet that police
officer
they say you have done your work so take
your amount
but that police officer says that i want
to join you in finding him
i want him to get arrested the next day
the police officer goes to an event with
his wife
hannibal was also there at the end of
the event
when he sees wife of the police officer
he wishes to eat her
because he was a cannibal he ate human
flesh
even his name is similar to cannibal but
the police officer feels the vibe and
asks his wife to go away
clarice got that cctv footage there
when she watches it he finds out that
where he is
she also observes that a police officer
searched about hannibal on their website
multiple times
she understands that he has some
information about cannibal for sure
she calls him and asks if he is working
for virgil
so that you can get money you are doing
wrong because we trying to catch him for
a long
he is a dangerous criminal and we should
catch him
but that police officer doesn't give her
a damn he goes to meet hannibal
but as he reaches there his plan fails
when hannibal catches him
meanwhile clarice calls him but hannibal
receives it and says that i have his
cell phone
am going to kill the police officer and
then he really kills him
hannibal's kills another man of verger
and runs away
when virgil gets wind of it he becomes
aggressive
he knocks on an idea he contacts the man
who used to stare at clarice
he asks him to accuse therese so that my
way gets clear
as hannibal loves therese he wouldn't
see her in misery and he'll come there
then i'll catch him the bad police
officer does the same and says that she
is a part of hannibal
she is fired therefore hannibal also
comes there
he comes to her house but clarice was
sleeping back then
he asks her to come to a mall i'll also
be there if you can catch me
the next day she goes to a mall where
virga's men were also chasing her to
find cannibal
clarice couldn't see hannibal but
virga's men do
they kidnap hannibal and clarice was
witnessing this
she tells the police when they go to
virga's house
they don't find him anywhere as virgil
kept him somewhere else
he tied cannibal there and says that
you'll die in a harsh way
now when clarice doesn't get any help
she plans to do something on her own
she remembers the number of his car and
she chases him
tracking the car she reaches where those
people were she sees that virgo's men
were about to throw a lot of pigs on
hannibal so they eat him
she shoots fergus men and they fight
back and as a result
she falls down unconsciously hannibal's
picks her up by freeing his hand
and those wild pigs also come here
hannibal pretends dead he stands still
wild pigs start eating other dead bodies
hannibal says to virgo's servant that
they ruled over you and did bad to you
for
a lifetime so throw him down today
as virgil was paralyzed his servant
throws him
wild pigs eat him too hannibal takes
clarice home and treats her
then he makes her sleep meanwhile he
organizes the room as if he was
preparing dinner for him
clarice gets up she was intoxicated and
on her way down
she sees the police officer she is
terrified
but hannibal's cuts his head and cooks a
portion of his brain
forcing him to eat it as well he takes
this to the kitchen and starts eating it
then we hear the noise of police cars
coming there
clarice handcuffs his hand with hers so
that he doesn't run
but hannibal asks her to take care of
herself and runs away
the police have also come there clarice
was wondering that how did he leave
but she was happy that he loved her he
could run away after cutting her hand
but he cut his hand
in the last scene of the movie we see
hannibal going to another city
he was on a plane when he opens his
lunchbox
it has the brain of that police officer
he starts eating it
a kid sitting beside him demands to eat
that brain
hannibal gives him a piece too here the
movie ends
thanks for watching like the video and
subscribe our channel don't forget to
hit the bell icon okay see you next time